Editorial changes to columns names and ids (#588)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/skupricedetails.md

# SKU Price Details

The SKU Price Details column represents a list of relevant properties shared by all charges with the same [SKU Price ID](#skupriceid). These properties provide qualitative and quantitative details about the service represented by a SKU Price ID. This can enable practitioners to calculate metrics such as total units of a service when it is not directly billed in those units (e.g. cores) and thus enables FinOps capabilities such as unit economics. These properties can also help a practitioner understand the specifics of a SKU Price ID and differentiate it other SKU Price IDs.

The SkuPriceDetails column adheres to the following requirements:

> * The SkuPriceDetails column MUST be in [KeyValueFormat](#key-valueformat).

Reviewer: I suggest using the attribute name instead of the attribute ID when referencing formatting attributes, at least for now, since this is consistent with what we've used in previous releases and the majority of columns.

```suggestion
* The SkuPriceDetails column MUST be in [Key-Value Format](#key-valueformat).
```

> * The SkuPriceDetails column MUST be in [Key-Value Format](#key-valueformat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The SkuPriceDetails column MUST be in [KeyValueFormat](#key-valueformat).
```

* The key for a property SHOULD be formatted in [PascalCase](#glossary:pascalcase).
* The properties (both keys and values) contained in the SkuPriceDetails column MUST be shared across all charges having the same SkuPriceId, subject to the below provisions.
  * Additional properties (key-value pairs) MAY be added to SkuPriceDetails going forward for a given SkuPriceId.
  * Properties SHOULD NOT be removed from SkuPriceDetails for a given SkuPriceId, once they have been included.
  * Individual properties (key-value pairs) SHOULD NOT be modified for a given SkuPriceId and SHOULD remain consistent over time.
* The key for a property SHOULD remain consistent across comparable SKUs having that property and the values for this key SHOULD remain in a consistent format.
* The SkuPriceDetails column MUST NOT contain properties which are not applicable to the corresponding SkuPriceId.
* The SkuPriceDetails column MAY contain properties which are already captured in other dedicated columns.
* If a property has a numeric value, it MUST represent the value for a single [PricingUnit](#pricingunit).

> * The SkuPriceDetails column MUST be present in the billing data when the provider includes a SkuPriceId.

Reviewer: Aligning the terminology with that used in other columns and adding a link to the FOCUS dataset term in the glossary (see PR #592 for linking to the glossary term).

```suggestion
* The SkuPriceDetails column MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the provider includes a SkuPriceId.
```
